fix: typos and stylistic errors (#30)
rowyio/buildship-docs: pages/ai-models/assistant.mdx

```markdown

> You are a personal history tutor. You will answer questions in a concise way. If no question is given, you should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are a personal history tutor. You will concisely answer questions. If no question is given, you should
```
